yo what up I'm back on my disclaimer
that if I look exhausted it's because I
am exhausted I slept from about midnight
till 6am last night maybe one I am till
6am and it's about 6 30 am right now
hahaha so any of you came from my pretty
face I'm even less pretty than usual um
I got a message though from Amy on the
east coast of Canada that I really feel
like I won a record of reaction to just
now look so amy is vegan and she's a
supporter here on patreon and first and
foremost I mean I give her credit she's
actually trying to organize vegan action
vegan activism in halifax canada and
just all ready for that I've got tons of
respect for her here in Victoria as you
guys know at this moment I'm packing up
to move to China I'm not I mean I'm not
organizing anything I'm not engaged in
activism aside from unless you count me
talk to you right now on youtube so
first and foremost I respect the hell
out of that if you guys hadn't noticed
this desk has mysteriously changed color
because I've already packed up and
thrown away the the wooden desk that was
here before so you get a plastic desk
for just these last few days that I'm in
Canada at all I'm going to read you this
email I got from Amy I'm going to read
you my reply and I'm going to tell you
some related thoughts I mean a lot of
this stuff it's painful to me that I
have so much to say like some of these
things I wish I didn't have what oh this
brings up a lot for me all right Amy
writes quote I met with a local
self-proclaimed vegan activist here in
Halifax it was a really weird tea she
didn't seem very well informed on many
subjects and was a huge proponent of
gary yourofsky which turned me off she
seemed really upset when I passively
explained that I don't support violence
in any way she came off as incredibly
militant
she started going on about how she
wanted a war I feel really foolish for
having that with her frankly she
originally said she wanted to meet with
me because she had an interest in
working on my workshop so amy has been
among she's on YouTube but she's also
been planning a workshop of a particular
kind you know discussing veganism and
discussing how to live how to be vegan
on a budget and some other specific
issues she said she had a history of
public speaking she said she did all
kinds of this stuff all the time when we
actually sat down to talk all she wanted
to do was drill me with questions on how
to start a YouTube channel who should
watch on youtube and make friends with
it's the etc etc I really felt used and
well it reminded me of why i dislike
activists so much LOL i guess i'm trying
to figure out how i can positively
influence people I'm not militant I
don't support condescending attitudes or
violence or any other silly tactic that
seems so popular on YouTube maybe this
is a really small step but I decided to
organize a vegan picnic for the end of
the month I thought if people feel a
sense of community maybe they'll be more
empowered to spread a message to non
vegans or maybe it'll simply be a nice
picnic do you think doing these things
is pointless that was doc Meyers so my
reply that I wrote is almost entirely to
the very first part of what she's just
said because this issue of violence and
phony radicalism has been a huge issue
in my own life it's something I've dealt
with within Canada again and again uh so
I said to her first and foremost Amy
this obviously echoes various
experiences have had in Canada in
connection to petty politics of various
kinds not just veganism so in response
to this issue of meeting someone who
poses as militant and who speaks in
terms of wanting a war I wrote back
saying yeah I've had that experience in
various contexts and the people
proclaiming World War rarely have
anything to offer themselves I remember
at Cambridge England attending a meeting
of ultra leftists only because it was
advertised as a symposium on police
brutality something it wasn't at all as
it turned out false advertising for what
that meeting was
the various in 10 DS insisted on
speaking strictly in terms of a social
war so again that situation we were in a
room a lavishly decorated room a room
much more beautiful than the room i got
married in you know it's kind of
gorgeous late medieval sumptuous
aristocratic decor that cambridge
university has to offer i'm in this
elite you can't even call it a bourgeois
institution this frankly aristocratic
elite institution in england and you
have people who are self-defined
revolutionary leftist extremists sitting
down and talking about you know war and
bloody revolution and but just the room
the conversation was happening in made
the whole exercise seem absurd although
the absurdity was certainly not visible
to to those people themselves um I
remember so continuing just quoting my
reply I remember an academic room within
University of Toronto were a meeting on
electrical power generation no kidding
was attended by communists who insisted
casually that the problem of electricity
generation would be only solved when the
streets ran red with blood and the
proletarian rose up in class warfare etc
so again that was also absurd now
University of Toronto is a less
impressive campus than Cambridge
University in England but the specific
room that took place in had beautiful
wood paneling was again a somewhat
sumptuous or you know beautifully
decorated room uh oh the people
attending that these were all people
from the older generation I was one of
the youngest people in the room for that
meeting and it was supposed to be a
session dealing with you know practical
problems of ecology and how electricity
organization was was organized in that
part of Canada and we go and when the
one guy said you know always remember
the other people sitting the room were
all older there was me and there was
there was one guy was with me who were
not of this character but
one guy said in preface well you know
these problems we can talk about them
for this meeting but really this is only
going to be solved when there's this
revolution and you know the ruling class
are murdered because that's what class
warfare means again see my my essay
about that massacre that happened in
nineteen twenty class war is not a joke
it's talking about people being killed
people being massacred and that's what
communists have done historically I mean
you have to know what those words mean
what they mean in theory and what they
mean in practice the theory is violent
as hell the practice as violent as hell
it's no joke and it's anyway and so this
one guy this meeting about electricity
generation in this academic context and
this somewhat luxurious context to be to
be blunt um he talked about you know
that this problem really was only going
to be addressed when this mass murder
happened uh-huh and these other you know
middle-aged or elderly people sitting
around the table all right oh yes mmm
right yeah like there was this you know
agreement there was this a cent going
around the table now as the case of that
kind of meeting it was quite some time
between when he said that and when I got
my chance to speak you know you wait
your turn that guy finishes speaking for
20 minutes or something and I put up my
hand and and then I spoke you know might
have been somebody else spoke before me
you speak in you speak in turn but I was
the only part III address that directly
I had several points to say on
electrical generation how that was
organized I knew I knew about that stuff
at the time I was really involved in
interested with ecology so I had some
specific points of that but I addressed
directly I said excuse me you know who
do you think you're speaking to you know
in just the assumption this is downtown
Toronto the assumption that everyone in
that room was not only a socialist of
some kind but was a violent
anti-establishment communist was
sickening to me and again of the same
thing at Cambridge England make
hemorrhaging and when I was there I had
already lived in at least two communist
countries you know communist still today
people's republic of china people's the
democratic republic of laos
those are communists till today I have
lived in I've been in many more former
communist countries like Cambodia
Cambodia totally devastated by communism
I mean none of these people I mean
goddamn you know communists like to use
this term paper tigers they're all such
paper tigers dude have you ever dealt
with real violence I have dealt with
real violence month the truth is the
main reason why there hasn't been more
violence in my life is just the way I
look people tend not to bring violence
to me because they can tell I'm prepared
to deal with it and that's everything
from crime to political violence
precisely because I'm ready to handle
violence people don't try to push me
around and that includes even like
corrupt police I don't mean police in
Canada but like police in Cambodia and
Laos people do not try to mess with me
because I look poor I look tough and I
act in a manner which is just like hey
if this is what's on I'm down for that
daylight action I'm down for the party
man and you know when people have
threatened to put me in prison for
crimes I didn't commit where you know
look I would have feel no guilt we're
just to extort me or just a bully me
there's been a threat to put me in
prison which you don't happen in Laos
and what have you I I didn't go to
prison Laos I was threatened with being
sent to the gulag publish my whole
attitude was all right great you put me
in prison for five years I'm gonna come
out speaking three languages this is
gonna be positive experience of my life
I'm down for it when people have
threatened to rob me or stab me or
something my whole attitude is all right
I'm more generous with my blood than I
am with my money I ain't got no money to
lose anyway let's do it homeboy let's
let's you know let's see what you got
and people have I've had someone pull
out a machete on me and try to kill me
on the banks of the Mekong River that
didn't go so well for him and I ain't
got no scars in my body you know I've
had people threaten me with violence and
I've been around real violence but only
to a tiny extent because i'm prepared
for it you know and because also just
mention i drink no alcohol so like I
knew people had guns pulled on them in
Cambodia guns pulled out and pointed at
them in one case you know gun being
fired and so on I don't know anyone who
was shot because they'd be dead
obviously but you know that never
happened to me partly because I was
never drunk
and I was never going to you know I was
never going to nightclubs that kind of
thing but like you know I knew a guy
smart guy too smart tough guy he and
that guy at a background in martial arts
and boxing and semi military training
not not real military training he he
dropped out of the paratrooper corps in
in France but I remember that guy he had
he had a little kid stick him up with
with a submachine gun with it with a
portable machine gun machine gun with
folding stock and the kid was so was so
tiny you know ekta in order to hold this
gun at him the kid had to put one foot
on a brick and prop the the butt of the
gun the kid had to lean against a brick
wall you know because the kid couldn't
really handle the weight of it so you
know violence is real I have I have only
had to deal with this much violence in
my life because of who I am how I roll
what I look like uh you know again I
have advantages in this vantage left I'm
often surprised that you know people
like police and other authority figures
treat me with as much respect as they do
I've commented in that here in Canada in
Southeast Asia I know I look a bit rough
but that has made violence less of an
issue of my life because like I say I'm
down for it whatever you people want to
bring at me I'm ready to get brung and
so they they don't bring that much but I
mean Jesus Christ these these phony
extremists and if I've had to deal with
it so much even just within Canada I've
had to deal with it with vegans within
Canada and it totally distorts veganism
makes veganism counterproductive and
I've had to deal with it in the Green
Party I mean people would think I was
crazy if you talk about this stuff and
people don't know the context a Green
Party of Ontario was full of Communists
full of violent extremists full of
people who want to talk about war and
revolution the Green Party of
Saskatchewan when i was there and i had
to deal with that like face to face i
had to deal with that i had to address
that and face to face you know when I
was in Saskatchewan the green part I got
involved with a green party there again
and I was very disappointed
one of the things one of the influence
of Estrella I was trying to make the
Green Party really address and be
relevant to First Nations politics
indigenous peoples well because among
other issues obviously they already
cared about ecology but when i was in
saskatchewan the Green Party had just
made the transition there they used to
be controlled by communists they were
basically founded by disgruntled
communists and extreme left-wing people
who had all quit from another party or
from several other parties to form that
local Green Party and so you know this
kind of irrelevant radicalism totally
counterproductive radicalism that can't
can't help you with ecology can't help
you with political organization can't
help you with any other type of
community organizations have been
talking about and and it's a way of
thinking about social change that
because it is rooted in violence and its
ultimate ultimate objectives or violence
and it's means our balance it never
thinks through the type of examples you
guys have heard me talk about 10 times
on this channel what about cigarette
smoking and how cigarette smoking has
changed Society what about social
organizations like Mothers Against Drunk
Driving really effective non-party forms
of activism when I was in the Green
Party even I was just trying to talk to
them about publications but having a
magazine that talked about ecology and
the science of ecology and you know
social change in relation to that you
just had a magazine gathering together
bits of news that people who donate
money to the Green Party would care
about and talking about that stuff in an
authentic way that would mean so much
and it would justify people donating
money to you like you know ecology has a
scientific aspect as well as an ethical
aspect as well as a vegan aspect if you
had a magazine addressing those things
instead of phony threats of violence and
revolution it would make such a positive
difference and this is in Canada Jesus
correct you know you want to talk about
resorting to violence in it you know
here in Canada have you been to City
Hall no none of these people have been a
city old I've never been to Portland
they've never tried the legal means of
making a difference and when I did that
stuff when I was nobody when I was a
young kid in University going to City
Hall I
met and spoke with some of the most
powerful people in Canadian politics
long term you know I spoke to I
interacted with two different guys who
later became heads of the NDP of our
Democrat Party I guess so i guess one at
that time was a former head of the party
and the other was a future head of the
party these are these are among the most
powerful people and that was nobody the
among the most powerful people Canadian
bugs here in Victoria I had a complaint
against my university I went directly to
Parliament dealt with my Member of
Parliament is presented Parliament
nothing's going to come of it but still
very gratifying real outcomes compared
to this phony ass radicalism and so on I
had an image I used to post all the time
that related to my experience in
Cambodia showing the devastation of
revolution in Cambodia with a quote
saying you know that there's no room to
be a fake dress up revolutionary when
there's a real revolution going on but
these people who preach violence they
both lack a pragmatic connection to
meaningful politics and the thoughts
about how political change actually
happens how to really make political
change happen and they also have avoided
learning lessons from history have
they've avoided reading about actual
revolutions what really happens with
real class warfare with real violence
when it goes on so this remains
something glorified and abstract in
their minds which is sickening to me
something people on the left wing say
all the time and I understand I believe
me I have studied the Vietnam War
especially with reference to Laos
Cambodia etc I've studied any more
people on the Left talk all the time
about learning the lessons of Vietnam
yeah well why don't up Jesus Christ
there were a lot of lessons to learn
from Vietnam there are lessons to learn
from the real communist revolutions
political revolutions that have happened
in Vietnam in Russia in China in
Cambodia watch goddamn you want it you
want to talk about violent revolution on
not even I mean look communism is insane
I mean that sincerely please if you if
you think I'm exaggerating read that
essay I wrote dealing just with one
aspect of the Russian Revolution of
violent communism in 1920 it's a case
study that
he tells you what communism is about
what class warfare is about what this
kind of mass murder looks like in
practice there's there are a lot of
lessons to learn from that uh but as
crazy as communism is one thing you can
say in its favor is at least they
pretend to represent a large class in
society like the Bolsheviks in Russia
they didn't even claim to represent the
majority but they could say well about
twenty-five percent of Russians are
members of this industrial poor class
that they represents they could they
could say they represented twenty-five
percent of the population in reality
would that 25% even vote for them if
they had an election that's another
story but you know communists in
different countries can claim to
represent twenty-five percent or fifty
percent of the population they can
sometimes the claim to represent the
poor now in Canada what percentage the
population are really poor right these
are the problems you get into but anyway
they claim to represent some mass
organizations on mass movement vegans
can never claim that a meal in 2016 do
we represent one percent of the
population do we represent two percent
of the population why would violence be
justified or effective on behalf of that
two percent of the population this is
mimicking a mentality that is from like
the 18th century in Europe not even the
19th century of assuming that political
radicalism simply by declaring itself
radical represents a huge class of
oppressed people and if those oppressed
people are just given leadership violent
leadership then they will suddenly rise
up and vindicate your movement and this
is a course a very biased allusion to
the experience of the French Revolution
experience especially really I don't
even II one in French Revolution I mean
several French Revolutions none of them
being really study your thought about
critically you know God yeah look at the
French Revolution what was the outcome
Napoleon and the Napoleonic Wars
Napoleon reestablished slavery you want
to talk about learning the lessons from
Vietnam you want to talk about learning
the lessons of history you want to talk
about learning the lessons these
revolutions why don't you actually study
what happened
revolutions the total disaster the loss
of life on a scale unbelievable and that
the outcome being establishing a
dictatorship so horrible you yourself
would not want to live through it that
was true the French Revolution singular
or revolutions plural the revolution in
China god damn take a look at what
communism actually did in Vietnam once
you get past the kind of phony narrative
of looking at Vietnam as the the victim
of American aggression which of course
it is American bombardment is very real
but communist dictatorship is very real
also mass murder by communist
dictatorships Jesus and murder during
the revolution itself and what class
warfare really means there are a lot of
lessons to learn from the Vietnam War or
from all these wars or from the
stupidity of this pro-war social war
attitude so all of this for me pours out
in response to this this message from
Amy and Amy's attempt to to organize
activism in halifax canada but yet look
sorry to come back to the ecology and
Green Party as an example so I've just
said vegans can't can me d represent two
percent of the population yes Lee I hope
I hope two percent of the population in
Canada sympathize with veganism ecology
the Green Party you know again is it two
percent is it five percent why would
violence possibly be justified is just
this mentality the idea that there's a
huge number of oppressed peasants
oppressed factory workers which again is
200 years ago and that if only a group
of radicals put together a party put
together a vanguard vanguard is the word
in communism then those people will rise
up and mobilize and response this ideas
that absolutely cannot be true the
nature of the ideas if you talk about
ecology there is just no reason why
preaching a transition to electrical
cars would result in the poor rising up
that way even if the poor oppressed in
some countries the poor really are
oppressed still today in 2016 in some
countries the peasants
are oppressed the factory workers are
oppressed we can say yes that's the
truth however if they're going to rise
up maybe they're going to rise up
violently to demand more money to demand
that an old better health care maybe
there's something they're going to rise
up for but it's not going to be ecology
it's not going to be a vegan diet it's
not going to be animal rights you're
kidding yourself and you're really
making a kind of phony carbon copy of
the hype for communist revolutions which
today i feel is is fully 200 years at a
date maybe you feel it's only 150 years
out of date or something you know
different people have different
historical attitudes but to me this is
an echo of [ __ ] made up about the
French Revolution and that was applied
to you know even situations in Germany
and Russia that really had nothing to do
with it and that were disasters the
Russian Revolution was a disaster the
Russian Revolution Lenin his whole
significance was that he led a coup
d'tat and got rid of elected government
they had legitimate elections and Lenin
ruined them because he wanted to be the
leader of a dictatorship instead of
allowing a parliament to exist a
parliament that elected a left-wing
government but not Lenin that elected a
variety of socialists and for that
communists should feel guilty that they
were anti-democratic from day one their
goddamn Russian Revolution they glorify
so much was not founded on democracy was
found on the denial of democracy the
quashing of the suppression of the
strangling of democracy in a country
namely Russia that struggled so much to
try to have elections in a legitimate
democracy to replace the Czar the rule
of a king basically the rule of a
terrible dictatorship and Lenin poisoned
that it's it's one of history's great
tragedies and communists still today are
defined as the people who are willing to
tell lies about that and glorify that
history for their own their own cynical
ends and yes it's a problem I mean it
seems unbelievable in 2016 but I mean
when I was there so I was in Cambridge a
couple years ago but this is all 21st
century it seems absurd but yes ecology
and Toronto the Green Party in
Saskatchewan and meeting with a queda
MX in anthropology at Cambridge
University England in those places
communism is still a real force even
though it's such a discredited ideology
even though like CNN news does not take
communism seriously and these people
believe insane conspiracy theories about
Vladimir Putin and Russia even though
there's nothing left wing above
flattener putin russia I mean the far
left as a factor within veganism is
terrifying to me for all these reasons
and more that I about lined okay
returning to my letter here my reply to
Amy I say yeah I've dealt with pro
violence vegans here in Victoria as I've
whined about on my youtube channel so i
have already complained about that and
say and i think those people now hate
and fear me as my youtube channel has
had more impact than anything they ever
did with their activism and yes i
realize how tiny my youtube channel is
but it is still bigger than their horse
[ __ ] than their projects here in
Victoria so again I don't really know
that those people haven't taken the time
to tell me to my face how much they hate
me but I've I've kind of seen it so the
pro violence people really dislike me
because I do not play along with this
fantasy with this this game so in
response to a me saying that she feels
foolish we're having met with this
person forever met with this pro
violence person I then say in reply to
that one of the lessons concerned here
relates to having a party Constitution
or an equivalent document that defines
your organization or charity being anti
violence or anti revolution may seem
like an absurd point even bother making
in such a document but it is crucial
it's crucial even for the Green Party
and it's crucial for the Liberal Party
what have you so I'm not gonna talk with
the too much right now but that's really
part of classical political science I
didn't learn in the classroom I had to
learn on my own but you know like in
Canada we have a mainstream party called
the Liberal Party and their constitution
is very vague and very general but it's
still important so it sets down things
like the the party's commitment to never
supporting homophobia that's outside of
balance they
will not support homophobia especially
gay rights now that may seem like today
it's like well that seems like a joke
why why bother having that as a defining
aspect Constitution no it's not a joke
those are exactly the principles that
become important so when the Liberal
Party organizes a plenum a party
conference or something to discuss
policy plans the future there will be
Christian groups you know that have
money and organization and come to that
plenum and they want to present their
case for something that is homophobic
even if it's politely homophobic is that
that's what they sincerely believe in
maybe they're Catholic or whatever
they're against gay rights in some sense
and the party can say what they don't
they don't have to have the debate that
you know if that's your position then
you have to quit the party because the
Constitution the definition of this
party is only for people who agree to
this principle about homophobia so it's
not a joke it shapes the whole party
discourse even though it's at that
incredibly broad and vague level so when
you have an organization whether it's a
charity and NGO foundation vegan thing
even though it may sound like a joke to
say look we do not support revolution
we've got support and armed uprising
against the government that may sound
like a joke but the point is that
whenever you have a plenum whenever you
have a session or something or we don't
support violence of different kinds
violence like Gary Yourofsky you could
erase things then the point is you don't
even have that debate then when you have
a conference or plenum you get to avoid
that if people show up in the preaching
they say look maybe you didn't read the
party charter or the party constitution
or the the organization's definition no
no none of that's acceptable discourse
here if that's what you support you've
got to start a different foundation
because this party of this foundation
that's in our Constitution that we don't
do that so in terms of setting the
ground rules uh you know it definitely
in Canada I mean it might be different
you know I have some viewers who are in
Muslim countries and very different
political context but the party
constitutions charters they are largely
negative in their statements they state
what you will not do what you will not
discuss and many people who don't have a
background in political science they
don't realize how important that is like
they read this
to give it to the Liberal Party it
doesn't define liberalism it doesn't
tell you positively what liberalism
should be or what the message of
liberalism for society in the future is
or a vision of a liberal utopia none of
that's there it doesn't tell you in a
positive way what's good about
liberalism not at all but it tells you
negatively all the things the Liberal
Party will exclude and then those are
the debates you don't have so again the
reality was for the Green Party in
Saskatchewan when I was there the
majority of their members had just quit
and acquit angrily because the
Communists had lost power within that
party so you know they just had
reasonable people the people in charge
were just kind of normal people it's not
like they hated communism there were
just normal Canadians who were not
extremists who were not communists they
were they were left of center but they
were kind of normal people to go to this
party and then they were dealing with
intense hatred from the the former
communists who founded that party used
to be the majority of the of the active
members so I got to witness that that
was a bit surreal um Lou uh anyway so
Amy then says she is not militant and I
just said look honestly there is a very
limited viable role for militancy within
veganism in Canada in 2016 people want
to talk talk tough and get on an ego
trip and to be honest I can understand
that to some extent i can understand why
people want to feel tough and want to
talk to everyone opposed in this way
pardon me but thinking in terms of
outcomes effective activism etc etc you
know what what role for militancy is
there you can even refer to my video on
conspiracy as a concept many of these
people you better off trying to form a
conspiracy akin to a corporate Lobby
rather than preaching violent revolution
uh alright guys that is what it is let's
let's end this video there I've talked
to you guys from about 6 30am till after
7am your
canada as mentioned this is what I look
like when I'm completely exhausted no
makeup no intro no voucher a real talk
these are the issues I've dealt with my
whole life I wish it was a joke I wish I
could say that these types of extreme
politics were not an issue in in Canada
you know God you know you'd think I
think of the streets run red with blood
in Canada but they are and violence and
non-violence in theory and in practice
remain profoundly important fundamental
issues for vegans to be able to get to
grips with and again why is that it's
not just because violence is a means to
an end but violence sheeps the end
sheeps the objective so profoundly of
what you're trying to do that it
pollutes or it distorts all of the
stages leading up to that so the Green
Party are using the same example when I
was there they were not even thinking
about having a magazine that talked
about science so you know like science
news new scientific stuff in relation to
ecology even though it's so obvious like
if you're doing fundraising you want
people to donate money to you because
you're an ecological movement the type
of people who donate money they will
really value a magazine that comes at
every three months telling you about
recent events you know within Canada but
recent scientific discoveries recent
research related to ecology related to
pollution in some river or that's what
those people want to read about but that
was a shockingly new idea the shockingly
original idea to people inside the Green
Party when I presented to them not
because they're stupid some of them are
stupid but they do not think in those
terms at all because the paradigm of
violent revolution the paradigm that
outcome thinking in those terms means
they're not thinking about the really
constructive methods of how to build a
constituency of how to build an
effective moon and when I first started
talking about cigarette smoking and
government attempts to discourage
nicotine and social activist movements
in relation to nicotine and alcohol
mothers mothers against drunk driving
cigarette smoking when I started talking
about that on YouTube many vegans
written to me and said well that's a
shockingly original idea they never
thought of those comparisons why again
not because they're stupid although
stupidity is real many of the people
involved are stupid they had never
thought of those things because the
paradigm of violence this objective
these methods so distort the discourse
so direct your attention away from
really salient considerations of
effective activism of how do we organize
a movement what are our methods what are
our means what are outcomes so again
ecology pure and simple and veganism I
mean God communism has been one of the
most influential ideologies in history
of the world it's a huge problem in
terms of how it distorts the way vegans
think about changing the world it's an
even bigger problem if you were involved
in labor activism like you know labor
unions trying to help workers rights or
raise wages or what have you so there
are many deep unexamined assumptions
about how we pursue social change that
comes out of the last 200 years of
experience with communism and radicalism
and I can't say it's irrelevant to all
circumstances in the world in 2016 you
know there are extreme circumstances
there's Somalia there's you know Saudi
Arabia there are all kinds of really
extreme political circumstances around
the world where maybe we'd be having a
totally different conversation but yeah
in these white Western decadence
Democratic context it is shameful for me
to me it is shameful to me that vegans
want to be phony dressup revolutionaries
and I say shame on you you guys have
already seen my videos shame on gary
yourofsky for taking a platform he had
to advocate positive social change and
polluting it with a pro violence message
what up